Update README.md (#13470)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: README.md

Part of our application accesses the GitHub API (to populate the [Wrangler changelog](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/layouts/partials/wrangler-changelog.html)).

> Since GitHub gives a higher request limit to authenticated requests, you may want to add a [classic token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#personal-access-tokens-classic) with `read` access to `repos:public_repo` permission to `/assets/secrets/github_token.txt`. The token value should be the only thing in your file.

Author: ```suggestion
Since GitHub gives a higher request limit to authenticated requests, you may want to add a [classic token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#personal-access-tokens-classic) with permissions for `read` access to `repos:public_repo` to `/assets/secrets/github_token.txt`. The token value should be the only thing in your file.
```

> Since GitHub gives a higher request limit to authenticated requests, you may want to add a [classic token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#personal-access-tokens-classic) with permissions for `read` access to `repos:public_repo` to `/assets/secrets/github_token.txt`. The token value should be the only thing in your file.

Author: ```suggestion
Since GitHub gives a higher request limit to authenticated requests, you may want to add a [classic token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#personal-access-tokens-classic) with permissions for `repos:public_repo` to `/assets/secrets/github_token.txt`. The token value should be the only thing in your file.
```
